

1. “Love is not finding someone to live with; it’s finding someone you can’t live without.”
2. “The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.”
3. “The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.”
4. “Love is a friendship set to music.”
5. “The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.”
6. “Love is when the other person’s happiness is more important than your own.”
7. “A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.”
8. “Love is not about possession, it’s about appreciation.”
9. “Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.”
10. “Love is when you look into someone’s eyes and see everything you need.”
11. “Love is a two-way street constantly under construction.”
12. “The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds.”
13. “The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.”
14. “Love is when the other person’s happiness is more important than your own.”
15. “Love is not finding someone to live with; it’s finding someone you can’t live without.”
16. “Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.”
17. “Love is a verb. It’s something you do: the sacrifices you make, the giving of support, and knowing you’re there for each other.”
18. “Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.”
19. “Love doesn’t make the world go round, love is what makes the ride worthwhile.”
20. “Love is not just looking at each other, it’s looking in the same direction.”
21. “Love is the only thing that can be divided without being diminished.”
22. “Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.”
23. “Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.”
24. “Love is the beauty of the soul.”
25. “Love is not finding someone to live with; it’s finding someone you can’t live without.”
26. “Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.”
27. “Love is when you care about someone’s happiness more than your own.”
28. “Love is when you can’t bear to be apart, yet you’re also afraid of what will happen if you stay together.”
29. “Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.”
30. “Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear.”
31. “Love is a game that two can play and both win.”
32. “Love is not a matter of counting the days. It’s making the days count.”
33. “Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.”
34. “Love is when you look into someone’s eyes and see everything you need.”
35. “Love is a friendship set to music.”
36. “Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.”
37. “Love is not a matter of counting the days. It’s making the days count.”
38. “Love is when the other person’s happiness is more important than your own.”
39.