

1. "The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves." - Victor Hugo 

2. "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." - Aristotle 

3. "Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own." - H. Jackson Brown Jr. 

4. "A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person." - Mignon McLaughlin 

5. "The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." - Helen Keller 

6. "Love is a friendship set to music." - Joseph Campbell 

7. "Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." - Robert Frost 

8. "Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend." - Martin Luther King Jr. 

9. "Love is not finding someone to live with; it’s finding someone you can’t live without." - Unknown 

10. "The real power of a man is in the size of the smile of the woman sitting next to him." - Unknown 

11. "A relationship is like a house. When a light bulb burns out, you do not go and buy a new house, you fix the light bulb." - Unknown 

12. "Love is a two-way street constantly under construction." - Carroll Bryant 

13. "Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It’s not about how much love you have in the beginning, but how much love you build till the end." - Unknown 

14. "Love is not about how many days, weeks or months you’ve been together, it’s all about how much you love each other every day." - Unknown 

15. "Love is not about how many times you say 'I love you', but how much you can prove that it’s true." - Unknown 

16. "A great relationship is about two things: First, appreciating the similarities, and second, respecting the differences." - Unknown 

17. "Love is not about how much you say, it’s about how much you can prove." - Unknown 

18. "Love is not about how many times you say 'I love you', but how much you can show it’s true." - Unknown 

19. "Love is not a matter of counting the days. It’s making the days count." - Unknown 

20. "The most important thing in a relationship is not how often you say 'I love you', but how often you prove it." - Unknown 

21. "When two people understand each other in a relationship, they become inseparable." - Unknown 

22. "A relationship is like a house. When a light bulb burns out, you do not go and buy a new house, you fix the light bulb." - Unknown 

23. "The best relationship is when you two can act like lovers and best friends at the same time." - Unknown 

24. "The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your flaws, differences and mistakes and still finds you absolutely amazing." - Unknown 

25. "The greatest relationships are the ones you never expected to be in." - Unknown 

26. "The most important thing in a relationship is to be true to yourself." - Unknown 

27. "The greatest relationships are the ones you never expected to be in." - Unknown 

28. "The best relationship is when you two can act like lovers and best friends at the same time." - Unknown 

29. "The best relationships are the ones that challenge you to be a better person." - Unknown 

30. "The greatest relationships are the ones that last through good times and bad." - Unknown 

31. "The best relationships are the ones that make you a better person." - Unknown 

32. "The greatest relationships are the ones that make you feel like you can do anything." - Unknown 

33. "The most beautiful thing in a relationship is two people who accept each other’s differences and flaws." - Unknown 

34. "The most beautiful thing in a relationship is two people who can be themselves." - Unknown 

35. "The best relationships are the ones that make you feel like you can do anything." - Unknown 

36. "The most important thing in a relationship is to be honest and open with each other." - Unknown 

37. "The best relationships are the ones that make you a better person." - Unknown 